org/practica/repository/Repository.java
 org.practica.repository.Repository
org/practica/config/JwtGen.java
 org.practica.config.JwtGen
org/practica/services/ClientService.java
 org.practica.services.ClientService
org/practica/models/Picture.java
 org.practica.models.Picture
org/practica/models/Comments.java
 org.practica.models.Comments
org/practica/services/PictureService.java
 org.practica.services.PictureService
org/practica/services/BootStrapService.java
 org.practica.services.BootStrapService
org/practica/models/Receipt.java
 org.practica.models.Receipt
org/practica/models/Client.java
 org.practica.models.Client
org/practica/services/CookieVerificationService.java
 org.practica.services.CookieVerificationService
org/practica/services/ReceiptService.java
 org.practica.services.ReceiptService
org/practica/services/CommentService.java
 org.practica.services.CommentService
org/practica/services/UserService.java
 org.practica.services.UserService
org/practica/services/DataBaseService.java
 org.practica.services.DataBaseService
org/practica/models/CookieVerification.java
 org.practica.models.CookieVerification
org/practica/models/User.java
 org.practica.models.User
org/practica/services/ProductService.java
 org.practica.services.ProductService
org/practica/services/Shop.java
 org.practica.services.Shop
org/practica/models/Product.java
 org.practica.models.Product
org/practica/models/ReceiptDetail.java
 org.practica.models.ReceiptDetail
org/practica/models/ShoppingCart.java
 org.practica.models.ShoppingCart
org/practica/controller/ProductController.java
 org.practica.controller.ProductController
org/practica/Main.java
 org.practica.Main
